Overview

This project is focused on writing a Windows graphics driver for the Raspberry Pi 2.  A
secondary but still important goal of this project is to have this driver server as a
sample graphics driver for Windows.

The project was started in August 2015 with the understanding that a fully featured driver
may take one to two years to complete.  The initial seeding of this project started with
the most basic framework of a render only driver (no display out support) installable
on any system.

The project is currently actively managed by developers in the Graphics Driver team at
Microsoft.

Anyone wishing to contribute to this project should recognize that this project is run
by a team of professional developers and should act accordingly.  All members of community
should be be polite, respectful, honest and humble.

All code within this project is covered by the MIT license with Microsoft as the copyright
holder.

If you wish to get involved in the project, please email bhouse@microsoft.com and include
how you wish to contribute.

Roles

Project Coordinator - There is only one active project coordinator who oversees all other aspects
of the project.  This role is currently filled by Bart House at Microsoft.

Team Lead -  The project has several teams contributing to the project.  In order to coordinate
the activities of these different teams, each team has assigned a team lead who is responsible for
managing and overseeing the development activities within the team.

Currently, the teams and their corresponding leads are:
    Microsoft Graphics Driver (MGD) Team lead by Bart House
	Microsoft Internet of Things (IOT) Team lead by Robert Solomon
    Raspberry Pi Foundation (RPF) Team lead by Eben Upton

Team Developer - Individual team developers contribute source to the project following the submission
process outlined below without further review.

Solo Developer - Individuals contribute source to the project following the submission process outlined
below but those submissions will be reviewed by the Project Coordinator before inclusion in the project.
It is highly recommended that solo developers work with the project coordinator prior to submission to
ensure that the contribution is in line with the goals of the project, is not already being addressed
by other contributors and is likely to be accepted once the work is complete.

Support

<Determine how we will answer questions on using the driver and its limitations>

Decision-Making Process

Code ownership across the project will be partitioned into areas assigned to one of the teams.  In general
terms, the MGD team will own all generic driver plumbing dealing with Windows DDI and the RPF team will
own all code that is hardware specfic.  Design and implemenation details and all other related decisions
regarding an area is owned by the corresponding owning team.

Architecture and design decisions that span areas will be discussed among the teams at a weekly conference
call until a general agreement is reached.

Contribution Process By Team Developers

<Document submission process including testing requirement>

Contribution Process By Solo Developers

Solo developers can contribute to the project in various ways including implementing unassigned tasks with
in an area of the driver, extending the existing testing coverage and addition additional documentation
which helps describe the existing drivers functionality.

<Document submission process additions needed by solo developers>

If a part or all of a submission is rejected, a clear explaination will be provided along with guidance
on what issues if any can be addressed in order for the submission to be accepted.

